proposal.md, before:

# Major Project Proposal

## Project Description
A rhythm game for songs that I haven't found good rhythm games for :D 

- Games for reference
    - Rhythm Hive --> Mostly wanting to do songs aside from Hybe artists for this reason
    - Osu --> More accessible in terms of testing when needed (Don't need a touch screen)
    - Superstar JYP(?) --> Idea came from this because I tried it and it wasn't very good compared to Rhythm Hive
    - Beat Saber --> VR game but the idea of directions could be interesting 
    - DDR(?) --> Could consider arrow keys 
    - The one hammer or photograph-lighter game(?) --> Simpler idea of only using one key + rhythm 

## Needs to Have 
- Basic tap tiles and hold tiles 
- Music that matches up with the tiles 
- Selection menu 
    - At least 2-3 songs 
- Decently visually appealing 
    - Not just basic colours and elements

## Nice to Have 
- Slide (slding from one spot to an adjecent one) tiles and swipe (on a touch device, swiping up) tiles 
- Selection of colours/theme?
- Multiple levels of difficulty 
    - Easy, normal, hard (+ maybe extreme?)
- Scoring +/or highscore board?
- Moving/video background?

- Ablity to make your own maps? (This could be very difficult)
    - Upload music and plan map?

Commit message:

Considering other ideas + how to begin

proposal.md, after:

# Major Project Proposal

## Project Description
A rhythm game for songs that I haven't found good rhythm games for :D 

- Games for reference
    - Rhythm Hive --> Mostly wanting to do songs aside from Hybe artists for this reason
    - Osu --> More accessible in terms of testing when needed (Don't need a touch screen)
    - Superstar JYP(?) --> Idea came from this because I tried it and it wasn't very good compared to Rhythm Hive
    - Beat Saber --> VR game but the idea of directions could be interesting 
    - DDR(?) --> Could consider arrow keys 
    - The one hammer or photograph-lighter game(?) --> Simpler idea of only using one key + rhythm 

## Needs to Have 
- Basic tap tiles and hold tiles 
- Music that matches up with the tiles 
- Selection menu 
    - At least 2-3 songs 
- Decently visually appealing --> Explore 3D?
    - Not just basic colours and elements

## Nice to Have 
- Slide (slding from one spot to an adjecent one) tiles and swipe (on a touch device, swiping up) tiles 
- Selection of colours/theme?
- Multiple levels of difficulty 
    - Easy, normal, hard (+ maybe extreme?)
- Scoring +/or highscore board?
- Moving/video background?

- Ablity to make your own maps? (This could be very difficult)
    - Upload music and plan map? 


Considering other ideas:
- Program to take info from a site and place it into a spreadsheet/document 
- Reading/finding the sine + cosine waves in NMR peaks
